add ship image guide, fix broken links (#766)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/guides/kubernetes-with-ship/private-image.md

docker tag superci/superci-enterprise-api:1.0.1 registry.replicated.com/superci/api:1.0.1 
docker push registry.replicated.com/superci/api:1.0.1
```

{{< linked_headline "Create Image Pull Secret" >}}

Next, you can add an image pull secret to your Kubernetes assets. Assuming you've set up the [recommended git repo](../iterate-locally), you can add this file to the `base/` directory. Otherwise you can use an [inline asset](/docs/ship/assets/inline). We'll create a secret called `imagepullsecret-example`.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson
metadata:
  name: imagepullsecret-example
  namespace: {{repl ConfigOption "namespace"}}
stringData:
  .dockerconfigjson: |
    {
      "auths": {
        "registry.replicated.com": {
          "auth": "{{repl (Base64Encode (print (Installation "customer_id") ":" (Installation "installation_id")))}}",
          "email": "fake@fake.com",
          "username": "{{repl Installation "customer_id"}}",
          "password": "{{repl Installation "installation_id"}}"
        }
      }
    }
```

This example uses additional `Installation` template functions to pull in the customer and installation IDs, which

> serve to authenticate your end customer to your images.

Author: ```suggestion
serve to authenticate your end customer to the registry.
```

{{< linked_headline "Pull Private Images" >}}

> Now that you have an image pull secret, you can schedule your private images by referencing the Replicated Registry tag directly, and adding a referene to the `imagePullSecret` we created above.

Author: ```suggestion
Now that you have an image pull secret, you can schedule your private images by referencing the Replicated Registry tag directly, and adding a reference to the `imagePullSecret` we created above.
```
